# YoungProfessionalMagazineProject
Exploratory Data Analysis Reports and Python Files

Using the Young Professional Magazine survey data, develop a profile of current subscribers. By doing this, Young Professional Magazine can expand its current audience by targeting and marketing to the same demographics of people who are currently subscribed. Additionally, aim to use the demographics of the magazine’s subscribers to comment on topics that could be of interest for current/future readers.

The study will begin showing measures of central tendency and variability within certain variables. It will then show measures of variability for other variables. Furthermore, the investigation will dive into the distribution shapes of the continuous Random Variables, along with visual and verbal explorations. Then, the study goes into a visual exploration of the discrete random variables through the use of histograms and comments. The study goes on to explore various confidence intervals, and try to find inferred answers to the questions: “Would Young Professional be a good advertising outlet for online brokers?” and “Would this magazine be a good place to advertise for companies selling educational software and computer games for young children?” After these two investigations the analysis dives into other possible article topics based on the established statistical demographic and includes statistical evidence as to why those article topics are a good choice. Then, the article dives into a conclusion offering a summary of findings, the implications of those findings and additional steps.

This analysis was created with the use of Python in collaboration with the software package Anaconda Navigator, specifically using Jupyter Notebook or Pandas to explore and model data.
